# Project Submission

## Steps to complete the project
1. Fork and clone the [starter repository](https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1). The code in this repository will serve as your baseline to begin development.
  1. From inside the new directory, launch a local client server using Python from your terminal:
  Python 2: `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000`
  Python 3: `python3 -m http.server 8000`
  1. Visit the site in your browser at `http://localhost:8000`
1. Convert the provided site to use a responsive design .
  1. Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
  1. Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
  1. Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
  1. Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
  1. Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device
1. Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
1. Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.

Consult the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1090/view) often to be sure you are meeting the specific project requirements.

## Submission Instructions
1. Push your project to GitHub, making sure to push the master branch.
1. On the project submission page choose the option 'Submit with GitHub'
1. Select the repository for this project (you may need to connect your GitHub account first).
